Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Keep reading.
Keep talking.
You wanted her. you fix her!
You refuse me one love
when you've got two!
I don't know if you
remember... - Antoinette.
I'll kill her soon.
Don't run off.
You're gettin' a little
close there. Bruce.
Aah!
You are bein' rude!
The prodigal daughter.
The first sight of her.
you are just gonna
up and leave me?!
Louis!
Let go of me!
Anything for you.
A few
shattered vertebrae.
a punctured lung...
blind in one eye for five weeks.
Two months. was it?
I took naps at night then.
I would feel the
air against my skin
as though I was still falling.
And then I would
land all over again.
Excruciating pain was the
proof I was still alive.
He could fly?
Yes.
Like Superman?
Not like Superman.
Superman is a
fictional character.
But in the air.
with a "fuck you to
Newtonian physics" flying?
He said it was
more like floating.
arising at will.
propelling in a direction
by the decision.
He called it "the cloud gift."
Hey. Doc. did you know there's
a flying vampire apocalypse
coming your way?
Most vampires do not
possess the cloud gift.
With a few exceptions. only
the most ancient of us have it.
You know he's a vampire. right?
I do not discuss my patients
with anyone but the
patients themselves.
That's the voice of
Dr. Fareed Bhansali.
That is not my voice.
He's the personal physician to
the deputy prime minister and...
And I am not here... the
vampire Louis de Pointe du Lac.
He's officially off the record.
NDAs signed by any and all
who cross the threshold. eh?
Is your medicine taking?
It's cold and itchy.
Thanks for asking.
Are you still dreaming about
our first meeting. Daniel?
I keep waking up just
before you ask me back
to your shitty apartment.
Can youfly. Louis?
No.
So for 20 years. you lived
with the vampire Lestat.
and you didn't know he
had the flying gift?
The cloud gift.
And yes. it was a remarkable
bit of restraint he managed.
Why would he do that?
I suppose he thought if he
exposed all his power to me.
I would never feel his equal and
the relationship would suffer.
"He only beat me the
one time. Officer.
It's not his fault."
Classic Stockholm. eh. Doc?
I am not here.
Are we the sum of
our worst moments?
Can we be forgiven if we do
not forgive others ourselves?
Lestat had disappeared
after that awful night...
Vanished out of a
profound sense of shame
he would later confess to.
Which was just as well.
since Claudia and I
were in no mood to
receive his apologies.
I
made pride my blanket.
And she dedicated all her
energy to my rehabilitation.
You ready?
This is humiliating.
We'll try again tomorrow.
If you ever want to talk
about what happened to you
while you were gone.
you know you can. right?
Uh-huh.
Or you could just
tell me his name.
write it on a scrap of paper.
You gonna be my knight
in vengeful black?
I amthe knight.
Don't move it.
I didn't.
Save your charity
for the needful.
Claudia. hello.
I've been calling quite often.
I don't know if the operator is
patching me through correctly.
I brought something from
Louis's favorite bookshop.
"The Book of Hours."
Extremely rare. 15th century.
Silver and gold in the vellum.
palettes of blue and old rose.
No one here wishes
to speak with you.
Well. I know he's upstairs.
I can see his silhouette.
Perhaps we should let him decide
if he wants to see me or not.
How's that for an answer?
"I Felt a
Funeral in my Brain."
She also wrote one called "A
Coffin Is a Small Domain."
I mean. come on. Emily
Dickinson is not a vampire.
How do you know?'Cause
she's dead.
How do you know?
She got a grave.
She got a tombstone.
So do you.
25-horsepower Rolls-Royce
six-cylinder engine
and a front end they
call a "coffin nose."
Isn't that rich?
This one's yours.
Mine's back at home in blue.
I'm back in town permanently.
Were you gone? Across
the river. in Algiers.
Louis. I don't know what
possessed me that night.
Three years ago.
That night three
years ago. he means.
I was someone I don't
want to be anymore.
I've changed.
Let me prove it to you.
I'm nothing without you.
I'm nothing without both of you.
If you want me to go
away. just say so.
I'll obey you.
I'll leave your life forever.
This silence is cruel.
And you were never cruel. Louis.
For six years in all.
these raw and desperate mea
culpas came like the tide.
And for six years. they were
greeted with silence or fire.
We burned more gifts than
bodies in that decade.
but they would not stop coming.
And Lestat's relentless
determination
began to crack my
considerable armor.
Perhaps it was the
modesty of the gesture.
But in the spring of
1937. one broke through.
He had written it himself
in the music of the hour.
His first composition
in 100 years.
Rashid. please play
the song in question
for Mr. Molloy and the doctor.
I'm not here.
He had engaged a
local record company.
And when the musicians they
hired proved unsatisfactory.
he played all the
instruments himself.
That's his voice?
He pressed only one album.
Had the master
recordings destroyed.
You're listening to an
inferior rerecording now.
The audacity of it all
was matched only
by its sincerity.
He had made the
near-perfect valentine.
with one flaw.
Pathetic.
One perfectly premeditated flaw.
Six
years of begging.
You think a song's gonna
get a rise out of me?!
Did you like it?
This her singing?
It's a clear voice.
I wanted no obstacle
to the lyric.
Write me a song and put
your lover's voice on it?
What the fuck is
wrong with your head?
Louis. you're soaking wet.
I swim faster than I drive.
Put some clothes on
and get the fuck out.
This is my house.
Do I look like I care?
Lestat.
Leave.
You swam the
Mississippi to find me.
I hate you.
As you should.
Alavida. Dr. Bhansali.
Pleasure never meeting
you. Mr. Molloy.
He said to no one.
Quick and clever. despite
two bags of fluid.
Legal dope makes me constipated.
but the wit flows like a river.
You took Lestat back.
The vampire bond.
There is no human equivalent.
Lover. murderer. maker.
You took him back.
It's a bond that can
never fully be severed.
A bond like that
makes you believe
there are only two
of you on the planet.
Freedom and chastity
wrapped in one person.
But there were three of you.
Yes.
Rule number four.
Kill Antoinette.
Antoinette is my own private...
Affair.
Said child. interfering in the
romantic lives of her parents.
She's coming up on 33.
It's a lick and a
promise in vampire years.
Maybe. but I'm not
yourchild anymore.
That's rule number five.
I'll be your
companion. your sister.
It's not as simple as choosing
a new family configuration.
"Now I'm your cousin."
"Now I'm your aunt."
I am your maker.
But not my uncle or my daddy.
I'm your sister or
that's the door.
Rule number six... And know
I'm doing this for him.
I wouldn't want to confuse you.
Rule number six... no lies.
And that includes
lies of exaggeration
and of omission.
For instance. if you can
fly. tell us you can fly.
Assez.
Grand proclamations
and portentous looks.
Do you think I'm withholding?
Go on. Ask your questions.
I'll answer them.
Did you have anything
to do with Paul's death?
No.
I would never hurt your brother.
It's just something I always...
Never. Louis.
Who made you?
His name was Magnus.
He took me from
my room in Paris.
as I kicked and screamed.
He kept me for a week. locked
in a room full of corpses...
Some freshly killed.
some bloated and black.
But they all looked like me...
My coloring. my physique.
My own eyes staring back
at me from rotting faces.
He fed on me every night.
And then he put me
back in the tower
with the look-alike corpses.
I thought for sure
I'd be one of them.
but instead he
turned me into this.
No grand history of vampiric
origins or physiology.
no rules. no counsel.
Just a sweeping hand
to a pile of money
and the sight of him
throwing himself into a fire.
And then I was alone.
I thought...
"I can't drink hot blood.
I can't feed on others."
I cried.
I called to God.
I didn't want this.
But I have a capacity
for enduring.
It's why I don't particularly
like being abandoned.
Kill Antoinette.
Years accumulated
in the small city
were catching up to us.
Our home was often vandalized.
Cowardly warnings suggesting
we were no longer welcome.
"Please return to the
dark place you came from."
Don't look. Eunice.
It was an awkward time.
but I loved Claudia
with all my heart.
and I loved Lestat
with a wounded one.
The work would be
convincing the two
to find room again
for each other.
Concessions would be needed.
I would have to lead by example.
I'd like to ask a question. if
that's amenable to you both.
You don't have to
ask permission.
Oh. of course I do. This
is the new paradigm.
The lambs herd the Beauceron.
An apt metaphor.
I always took you
for a dog. Lestat.
Ask the question.
Is it still four legs for
Louis and two legs for Claudia?
I eat what I eat. She
eats what she eats.
We respect our differences.Mm.
Well. it's always made
me feel loathsome.
like I'm... looked down
upon for my body's needs.
Well. you don't
actually need it.
Mm. See. there it is.
It's an air of superiority
when you say that.
I didn't say you couldn't.
I'm just saying
you don't have to.
I agree.
I know you don't mean
to. but I feel the same.
I feel tolerated.
Why didn't you
ever say something?
Well. it's obvious. She
doesn't want to upset you.
I can speak for myself.
Every night. we hunt.
And every night.
these feelings arise.
It breeds resentment.
I don't want that.
Well. then. at the risk of
paralyzing this household
with more compromise. may
I propose another rule?
When we hunt. we hunt human.
We are vampire.
We should not...
Ba-a-a-ah!
Call me a dog.
But an honest dog.
Do you think you could
try a little harder
to get on with him?
Have you asked him
the same question?
He's trying.
Teaching you piano. the
chess board. isn't he?
He hasn't taught me to fly.
It's... It's not
something you could teach.
You're born with
it or you're not.
Another one of his lies.
Hello.
We were wondering
where you were.
It's his nature to lie.
Claudia.
Lestat.
I remember you like souvenirs.
Thank you.
We should really think
about repairing that mantel.
No. Enjoy living
in a ruin. do you?
We leave the damage so we
never forget the damage.
If you could just
give him an inch.
One sob story about his birth.
and you're back to
eating from his hand.
Magnus could be a sous chef in
Switzerland for all we know.
I am all sincerity and humility.
I cannot wear it any longer.
She's just stubborn.
She is a wall. The
cliffs at Etretat.
Lestat the vulnerable
becomes Lestat the irritable
become Lestat the controlling.
We're all making compromises
You watch! to make
this right again.
I'm drinking the blood. He
ended it with the singer.
Mm-hmm. What are you doing?
I'm enduring.
Do more.
She's grown very
protective of me.
That's what this is.
It's why it's hard.
She came back altered
when she left us.
There's a darkness in her
that wasn't there before.
Give her a little time.
In many ways. they were
more like each other
than they wanted to admit.
They both sought out weakness.
They reveled in the
exploitation of it.
and they romped with
joy as I played audience
to their joyless exchanges.
Tell us about your
first love. Nicky.
Nicolas.
Louis said that you
called him Nicky.
That's the song
you wrote for him.
'Tis.
Do you write songs
for all your lovers?
I think this one might be
better than yours. Louis.
Does that mean you loved Nicky
more than you love Louis?
Ignore her. Louis.
She asks these naughty questions
to gain advantage in the game.
It won't work.
I ask these questions
because I'm trying to
understand you better. Lestat.
I played three games at once
in the Jardin du Luxembourg.
and one of my opponents
was Johannes Zukertort.
who. you know. of course.
won the Paris championships
of '78 and who...
Of course.
Later that afternoon. I dueled
to a draw. Who doesn't know
who won the Paris Chess
championship of '78?
So please continue...
My mama taught me that
before I started crawling...
with your tedious interrogations.
And I. once again...
put you in check.
Did Nicky kill himself
like your maker. Magnus?
Check.
Or did you kill him.
like you did Antoinette.
and how you tried to
do with Louis? Claudia.
Nicky passed on after
he and I parted ways.
It took me over a
century to try again.
Mm.
Checkmate.
I'm sorry for your
losses. Lestat.
Oh. it's you who lost. Claudia.
for the many hundredth time.
I admire your steadfast pursuit
of a game you clearly
have no acumen for.
My massa taught me how to play.
but only enough to
occupy his time.
I think I'll hunt
alone tonight. Mm.
Massa's had so much
loss in his life.
Lord couldn't ask
him to bear any more.
I'll come with you.
Thank you. No.
Poor massa and his pain.
It's an honor just to
sleep under massa's roof.
And I know she's talking to you.
You're ugly when
you act like that.
Better ugly than blind.
She's an affected.
self-absorbed.
nasty little creature
who's fooled herself
into thinking she's
smarter than she is.
and she is poisoning
Louis against me.
You don't need
her. and you don't need him.
They don't appreciate
you like I do.
I have given her so many gifts.
so many incalculable gifts.
And you're right.
It is both of them.
He broods. She snipes.
That's why I need you.
You fortify me against them.
You're like me.
You like to laugh.
You make me laugh all the time.
Hm.
We should go away. Lestat.
New York. Chicago. Los Angeles.
You want to be a movie star?
Well. now that I'm dead.
I can be whoever I want.
I've been working on a new name.
What do you think
of... Marie Lepere?
Don't be ridiculous.
There's no place for me
other than New Orleans.
New Orleans?
You got me stashed away
here at Ponchatoula.
How am I supposed to
make a career here?
I seek refuge from complaints
when I visit you. dear.
I know that. but
promises were made.
And promises will be kept.
I am withering here. Lestat.
Who's gonna hire a singer who
don't sing. who's a cripple?
No.
That's what gloves are for.
I know. I didn't
mean to make you mad.
I love you. Lestat.
I love you. too.
It wasn't shocking.
It was perfectly
consistent with his nature.
He'd been told to do something
and. brat that he was.
didn't like being
told what to do.
The effect. however.
was numbing.
I'm sorry. Louis.
It's all what it is.
He's the father of lies.
And if that's the kind
of desperate trash
he wants to love.
then let him have her.
He doesn't love her.
You heard him say it.
Spit in the sandwich and
serve it with a smile.
What?
It's only fun if you get
to watch them take a bite.
Hides her a town
away. Done by design.
He wanted us to discover him.
But why?
Because he's all
kinds of fucked up.
'Cause he would've
killed her in a second
if he thought I'd
take him as he is.
And I probably will.
So you ain't gonna tell him
that you know about her?
What difference would it make?
There's a train leaves
every night for New York.
We could hide out in Harlem
for a few. then hop on a boat.
Take us anywhere we want to go.
"Anywhere"
sounds like nowhere.
Prague. Bucharest.
Varna. Silistra.
Ploiesti.
Funny-sounding towns.
Ancient towns with more
like us living in them.
And they can't all be
like him... or him.
We can get on that train. Louis.
Louis.
The numbness remained.
hardened somehow into
a dissociative shell.
a vessel of acceptance.
tortured rationalization.
This life. it does a
number on the head.
on the soul... If
we even have a soul.
We could say.
"That won't be us."
But every night. I
feel a little crazier.
And off to Antoinette.
I'll see you both at dawn.
I love you.
Give us a hundred
more years of this.
taking anything we want.
killing anything in front of us.
no one says shit about it.
I can see us just like him.
I can see it. Claudia.
Well. I can't.
Train's leavin' in an
hour. Get off that bench.
I can barely speak
French and English.
I'd just hold you back.
When he hurts you again.
and he will. come find me.
I'll be in... Prague.
Bucharest.
Varna. Silistra.
Ploi... Ploi... um...
Ploiesti.
Pff.
I could never get that
one to tumble out right.
Hey. sis.
You don't need me.
You think you do. but you don't.
You're smarter now.
You see trouble
coming a mile away.
Dark woods
and bridged rivers.
Then the lights
of the city depot.
Birmingham.
Atlanta.
Greensboro.
Washington. D.C.
She. of all things on the Earth.
deserved a nice seat
and a wide window
to watch the countryside
blur before the glass.
But it was 1939. and the only
Negro allowed in first class
was the porter.
and the Negro passenger
rode the rear.
The Negro vampire made
do with what was left.
which was fine with her.
This is the part of my
story. back in San Francisco.
where you said.
and I paraphrase.
"Give it to me.
Make me a vampire now."
In the eyes of a 20-year-old.
you were wasting the gift.
You're in your 20s.
Rashid. What do you think?
Well. Mr. du Lac presides
in the most desired real
estate in the country.
I do not see the
waste Mr. Molloy sees.
Yeah. well. he lived in a dump
the last time we did this.
I'd give it to you now.
A still hand. time to
watch your daughters marry.
And divorce.
And die.
Save it for the rent boy.
May I be excused. Mr. du Lac?
Are you planning on
slapping me again. Daniel?
No.
I teased the sun that
night in Jackson Square.
Thought about the walking
cane and pile of ash
they'd find in the morning.
But Paul had forever ruined
Grace's wedding night.
and I would not do
the same to Claudia
on the anniversary
of her escape.
If I was to join Dante's
Wood of the Self-Murdered.
it would be another night.
And so I endured my way home...
Back to the crypt.
Back to the undeserving Lestat.
Lestat. I'm home.
Louis. come.
Listen here.
What is it?
Germany's invaded Poland.
Tanks rolling through
the countryside.
Horrors unleashed.
Since when do you
care about humanity?
Well. I don't.
But to think our sister.
impulsive tot that she is.
was on her way to
holiday in Europe.
I'm so glad she decided
the better of it.
We'll have to make it up
to her Stateside somehow.
Won't we. Louis?
Hey. what
you doing here?!
Tickets. please.
Tickets. please!
You are riding the
New York Limited.
Next stop...
Birmingham. Alabama.
Claudia.
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
Claudia. you left
without saying goodbye.
Again.
I'm sure it was an
oversight. but still.
You'd think your creator
had earned the courtesy.
You didn't want me.
You made me for Louis.
And he needs you
now more than ever.
He's in a terrible state.
He said I could go.
He picked you over me.
Louis couldn't pick an apple
off a tree in his current state.
He'd grip it. tug at it.
and. weak as he is.
the stem would hold.
Let me go. Lestat.
In Louis' hour of need?
I'm afraid I can't allow that.
He's very fragile right now.
worse than the last
time you abandoned him.
when you filled your
head with knowledge
and hitched a ride
on a motorbike.
Well. you wouldn't talk of it.
Louis insisted I not ask.
I love our family. but the
rules are "no secrets."
Fortunate for our family.
when I put my mind to it.
I can hear the thoughts
of other vampires
at a very great distance.
Bastard.
He thinks of you often.
Bruce.
Fucking bastard.
I couldn't agree more.
What he did to you was
in very poor taste.
Could you imagine if something
like that happened to you again?
Louis would never
forgive himself.
Back in
your cage. sweetheart.
We endure each other
for Louis' happiness.
So come home and make him happy.
Because if you try
this again. Claudia.
I won't snap your leg.
defile your pocket.
and zoom off on a motorbike.
I'll turn your bones to dust.
- I
- had hoped against hope
that some miracle would prevent
a devastating war in Europe
and bring to an end the
invasion of Poland by Germany.
The Dutch Defense. Naturally.
I've been having a
thought the last few days. Louis.
Yeah? What's that?
I think
he killed Magnus.
I think the vampire
made him a slave.
And he would be a slave
no more than I would.
and so he killed him...
Killed him before he
knew all the things
he couldn't know.
And now he's gone and
made us slaves to him.
Stonewalling again.
You've become quite predictable.
my sister. disappointment.
We're not slaves.
Maybe mindless accomplices.
No. we're his slaves.
and I will free us both.
Claudia.
We have no
more use for him.
And he causes us
misery with no horizon.
What are you gonna do?
Pout and mimic me until
I grow empathetic?
Is that your strategy tonight?
The
teachings of religion.
the continuation of
efforts to restore peace...
One bishop can be captured.
but... I see the trap.
I don't like what
you're feeling right now.
You cannot kill...
I love you. Louis.
I don't say it often
enough anymore.
If you love
me. then listen to me.
I beg you.
If you're
going to beat Lestat.
you have to become Lestat.
You have to think like he does
and then five moves
ahead of that.
Bishop to G1.
But he's not mortal.
Queen to H2.
No illness can touch him.
You threaten a life
which will endure
till the end of the world.
You will bring your queen.
but the bishop
cannot be ignored.
The rook. the queen...
I am done endurin'.
I'm not moving my rook.
Knight takes the bishop.
I'm going to kill him.
Check.
He'll destroy
you if you try it.
No. Louis.
Rook protects the king.
and your queen has
been neutralized.
It's a very spirited effort.
I can kill him.
Another baffling pawn sacrifice.
Check.
And I want to tell you
something else now.
A secret of all secrets
between you and me.
Now you're giving up bishops
and knights for pawns.
Wait.
No. that can't be.
The secret is. Louis...
Queen on one side.
rook on the other.
You want to kill him too.
and you will enjoy doing it.
You have won.
I'm tired.
We'll finish the game.
I think I'm gonna go to bed.
Move your pawn.
Finish the game.
Good night. Lestat.
Finish the game!
Good night. Louis.
She was right.
Spoiled. selfish. thankless.
It was inevitable.
Heedless. disagreeable.
obnoxious. repellent.
unkind. spoiled to the core!
Every
ship that sails the sea.
every battle that is fought
does affect the American future.
We were going to kill Lestat.
Rashid. are you awake?
I can be.
I think the medication
has overwhelmed our boy.
I would gladly wake him.
No. we can pick it
up again tomorrow.
But fetch a cover. would you?
Let him be warm
with his dreaming.
What's in the bag?
Hello.
Hi.
Work. My work's in the bag.
Is it a gun?
Are you an assassin?
Am I the man you came to kill?
I did a terrible thing once.
It wouldn't surprise me.
I'm a writer.
A journalist mostly. so...
Do you have money
tonight. Danny?
Get the boy whatever he want.
I'll have a grasshopper.
Tom Collins.
Louis de Pointe du Lac.
That's an interesting name.
Louis of Pointe
du Lac Plantation.
My great-great-grandfather
owned one.
All that remains is a name.
Ah. that's the accent.
I have an accent?
You have a slight sharpness
of the consonants.
that's all.
An observant journalist.
Yeah. I do interviews mostly.
I have a series at
the Berkeley Barb.
Hey. you know. I
could interview you.
Well. I'm no one of importance.
Well. that's my speciality.
You see. I look for people
in the cracks. you feel me?
I do feel you.
You know. it's about
the people. you know.
who make the city. right?
You know. not a cop
or a politician.
Any asshole can do that.
Look.
You see. I get 'em on tape.
and then I write 'em up.
You didn't come here for that.
I know you're struggling. Danny.
It's Daniel.
I have what you're looking for.
High quality.
Befitting a man of my tastes.
I have a room over on
Divisadero. not too far a walk.
Are you a narc?
I'm a vampire.
I want to interview you.
Sounds fun.
I mean. if something
happens. you know. I'm cool.
but. yeah.
I really want to interview you.
Course.
We'll take it as it comes.
That okay with you? Would
you like to join us?
No.
You go ahead. Have your fun.
I wanted him dead.
I wanted him all to myself.
I wasn't thinking clearly.
We have to leave this place.
For a king.
Would you like the
secret of immortality?
Where do you meet the Devil
and what are the terms
of the agreement?
A last dance before the feast.
You think I'm withholding?
Go on. ask your questions.
Who made you?
Episode 6. "Like Angels
Put in Hell by God"...
When you take 'em back. you
know you shouldn't do it.
and you do it anyway.
His name was Magnus.
He took me from my
room in Paris...
as I kicked and screamed.
You know. whatever your
feelings about Lestat are.
here we get to finally hear
what Lestat's pain is all about.
And it is a fairly traumatic
entrance into the world.
For a guy who had been
withholding for a long time.
he resents having to do
it. but does it anyway
because his love and
his intensity for Louis.
he knows that's what he needs.
it's the offering
that he needs to give.
He kept me for a week.
locked in a room
full of corpses.
Some freshly killed.
some bloated and black.
But they all looked like me.
Lestat has had to go through
life figuring it out blindly.
Just a sweeping hand
to a pile of money
and the sight of him
throwing himself into a fire.
I cried. I called to God.
I didn't want this.
But I have a capacity
for enduring.
One reaction to that.
which is Louis accepts it.
and there's Claudia.
who is still...
"Yeah... Yeah. and what?
You've had 200 years
to get over your shit."
Do you think you could
try a little harder
to get on with him?
Have you asked him
the same question?
Trying to bring the
family together.
and the family doesn't want it.
If you could just
give him an inch.
One sob
story about his birth.
and you're back to
eating from his hand.
She's just stubborn.
She is a wall.
And it's very clear that
the family is not
functioning well.
that there is something
very. very screwed up
about the dynamics here.
It's not fun. it's not pleasant.
but you endure the years
because you cannot have
relations with humanity.
We are only stuck
with ourselves.
I've been
having a thought
the last few days. Louis.
Yeah? What's that?
I am done enduring.
The chess scene is quite
interesting. it's based off
a very famous. uh. chess game
called the Polish Immortal.
Basically. it's a series
of moves by one opponent
that sort of lures in a person
who wants everything
in the world.
wants to take everything.
and she can see
this is the way into Lestat.
Stonewalling again. you've
become quite predictable.
my sister. disappointment.
She is slowly suckering him in.
And she is wise enough to
kind of look at the landscape
and go. "There's only one way
to do it. we have to kill him."
I can kill 'im.
She. through this chess
game. sees it's possible.
"We could do it. we
can out-think him
if we know his weaknesses."
You're giving up bishops
and knights for pawns.
And she just needs Louis
to be on board for it.
The secret is. Louis...
Queen on one side...
You want
to kill him. too.
And you will enjoy doing it.
You've won.
She was right. we
were going to kill Lestat.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm